[Music]
a young diana prince
participates in an athletic race on
themiskiera
against older amazons after falling from
her horse
diana takes a shortcut to catch up
however
antiope removes her from the competition
for this lecturing diana that any
worthwhile goal
must be achieved through honest effort
in 1984
diana works at the smithsonian
institution in washington dc
while secretly performing heroic deeds
as a costumed crime fighter
diana introduces herself to barbara
minerva
a new archaeologist and zoologist with
the museum
barbara is good-natured socially awkward
and unassertive which makes most people
look past her
she forms a friendship with diana whom
she comes to admire and
envy barbara is asked by the fbi to
identify stolen antiquities
from a robbery diana had foiled barbara
and diana
notice one artifact later revealed to be
the dreamstone
contains a latin inscription claiming
that anyone holding it
will have any one wish granted diana
unknowingly uses the stone
to wish her deceased lover steve trevor
back to life
after being saved by diana from an
attempted sexual assault
barbara wishes upon the stone to become
like diana attaining diana's superpowers
failing businessman maxwell lord visits
the smithsonian under the pretext
of being a wealthy donor he arranged for
the dreamstone to be delivered to him in
hopes of using its power
to save his oil company diana discovers
a connection between max and the stone
and attends a gala at the smithsonian to
investigate
there she is reunited with steve whose
soul inhabits another man's body
and only diana sees him as steve
attending the gala himself
max seduces barbara to gain access to
her office
and steal the dreamstone he later uses
the stone to become the stone
and gains its wish granting powers along
with the ability to take whatever he
desires from others
to fulfill the cost of the wishes max
becomes a powerful figure who leaves
chaos and destruction
in his wake as his powers trigger
worldwide instability
with barbara's help diana and steve
discover that the dream
stone was created by dolos the god of
lies
treachery deception and mischief the
stone grants a user their wish
but exacts a toll and the only way to
reverse the exchange
is by renouncing the wish or destroying
the stone steve realizes his existence
comes
at the cost of diana's power while
barbara's newfound life
has taken her humanity neither woman is
willing to renounce her wish
max's power takes a toll on him
physically as his body
slowly deteriorates he learns from the
president of the united states
of a satellite system that broadcasts
communication signals globally
max plans to use it to grant wishes to
the entire world
to rid himself of his power and regain
his health
diana and steve confront him at the
white house only for barbara to join
forces with max
she defeats diana allowing max's escape
steve convinces diana to renounce her
wish
and let him go restoring her strength
and discovering an ability to fly
diana returns home and dons the armor of
legendary amazon warrior
asteria she then heads to the satellite
headquarters
and battles barbara who has mutated into
a cheetah-like creature
after wishing to become an apex predator
after defeating barbara
diana confronts max and uses her lasso
of truth to communicate with the world
through him
convincing everyone to renounce their
wish she also shows visions to max
first of his own unhappy childhood then
of his young son
alistair wandering the streets crying
for his father amid the chaos
max renounces his wish and reunites with
alistair
promising to be a better father some
months later diana encounters the man
whose body steve possessed
giving her some closure and resolve to
continue safeguarding humanity
in a mid-credits scene asteria played by
linda carter
is revealed to be secretly living among
[Music]
humans